README.md, before:

<img src="Cover Image.png" alt="Cover Image">

# Lemme Kiss Da NPC

## A Mod for ATLYSS

<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-1.0.0--beta1-blue" alt="Version Badge"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Development_Stage-beta-blue" alt="Development Stage Badge">
<img src="https://wakatime.com/badge/user/018db32b-732a-4704-b635-68d311538b3f/project/5dca42a2-1dbe-4c4a-bb78-2d805bb8d910.svg" alt="wakatime"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/zcraftelite9495/lemmekissdanpc" alt="Top Language"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/zcraftelite9495/lemmekissdanpc" alt="Stars Badge"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/zcraftelite9495/lemmekissdanpc" alt="Forks Badge">

### What is this beautiful batch of code?
LemmeKissDaNPC is a mod designed for the ATLYSS game. This mod removes the hitbox from all NPCs (when possible) to allow you to get as close as possible to your favorite ATLYSS NPCs—because who wouldn’t want to share a sweet moment without collision getting in the way?

### Installation Instructions

#### 1. Install BepInEx / Melon Loader (COMING SOON)
To use this mod, you'll first need to install **BepInEx**, a popular modding framework for Unity games. 

**IMPORTANT NOTE**: Support for **Melon Loader** is coming soon!!! This will ensure support with other mods, like the ones from [Lilly](https://github.com/Buttered-Lilly), and other popular mods.

- **Step 1**: Download the BepInExPack for your platform from [Thunderstore](https://thunderstore.io/).
  - Go to the [BepInExPack page](https://thunderstore.io/c/atlyss/p/BepInEx/BepInExPack/).
  - Download the latest version of the BepInExPack.
  
- **Step 2**: Extract the downloaded files and place the contents from **inside of the `BepInExPack` folder** in your ATLYSS game folder. This is usually the folder where `ATLYSS.exe` is located.

#### 2. Download and Install the LemmeKissDaNPC Mod
- **Step 1**: Download the latest `.DLL` release for LemmeKissDaNPC from the [GitHub Releases page](https://github.com/zcraftelite9495/lemmekissdanpc/releases).
  
- **Step 2**: After downloading the `.DLL` file, navigate to the `BepInEx` folder within your game directory.
  - Inside the `BepInEx` folder, find the `plugins` directory (if it doesn't exist, you can create it).
  - Place the `.DLL` file inside the `plugins` folder.

- **Step 3**: Launch the game! The mod should now be active and remove NPC hitboxes as you approach them.

#### 3. Building the Project from Source

If you'd like to build the mod from source, here’s how:

- **Step 1**: Clone this repository to your local machine using Git:
  ```bash
  git clone https://github.com/zcraftelite9495/lemmekissdanpc.git
  ```

- **Step 2**: Open the project in **Visual Studio** or any C# compatible IDE.

- **Step 3**: Make sure you have the **BepInEx** reference set up in your project:
  - Download the latest BepInEx assemblies and reference them in your project.
  - You can find BepInEx assemblies in the `BepInEx` folder inside your game directory.

- **Step 4**: Build the project.
  - In Visual Studio, simply press `Ctrl+Shift+B` to build the solution.

- **Step 5**: After building, you will find the `.DLL` file somewhere in the `bin` folder.
  - Follow the same installation instructions above to place the `.DLL` file in the `plugins` folder of your ATLYSS game directory.

### Troubleshooting
- **The mod isn’t working**: Ensure that the BepInExPack is properly installed, and the `.DLL` file is placed in the `BepInEx/plugins/LemmeKissDaNPC` folder. Double-check the game directory structure.
- **Warnings or errors in the log**: Check the `BepInEx/LogOutput.log` file for any error messages that might point to missing references or other issues.

Commit message:

1.1.0: Added easter egg + better code layout
# Changelog: 1.1.0
* Added an easter egg to the game to make things more interesting
* Re-laid out the code to make it more readable

README.md, after:

<img src="Cover Image.png" alt="Cover Image">

# Lemme Kiss Da NPC

## A Mod for ATLYSS

<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-1.0.0--beta1-blue" alt="Version Badge"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Development_Stage-beta-blue" alt="Development Stage Badge">
<img src="https://wakatime.com/badge/user/018db32b-732a-4704-b635-68d311538b3f/project/5dca42a2-1dbe-4c4a-bb78-2d805bb8d910.svg" alt="wakatime"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/zcraftelite9495/lemmekissdanpc" alt="Top Language"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/zcraftelite9495/lemmekissdanpc" alt="Stars Badge"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/zcraftelite9495/lemmekissdanpc" alt="Forks Badge">

### What is this beautiful batch of code?
LemmeKissDaNPC is a mod designed for the ATLYSS game. This mod removes the hitbox from all NPCs (when possible) to allow you to get as close as possible to your favorite ATLYSS NPCs—because who wouldn’t want to share a sweet moment without collision getting in the way?

### Prequisites

#### 1. EasySettings
In order to use this mod, you will have to put the EasySettings.dll from [here](https://thunderstore.io/c/atlyss/p/Nessie/EasySettings/)
 in your plugins folder. This allows me to introduce compatibility with the settings menu and is used to manage the new easter egg feature at the moment, more uses for it will come later :3

### Installation Instructions

#### 1. Install BepInEx / Melon Loader (COMING SOON)
To use this mod, you'll first need to install **BepInEx**, a popular modding framework for Unity games. 

**IMPORTANT NOTE**: Support for **Melon Loader** is coming soon!!! This will ensure support with other mods, like the ones from [Lilly](https://github.com/Buttered-Lilly), and other popular mods.

- **Step 1**: Download the BepInExPack for your platform from [Thunderstore](https://thunderstore.io/).
  - Go to the [BepInExPack page](https://thunderstore.io/c/atlyss/p/BepInEx/BepInExPack/).
  - Download the latest version of the BepInExPack.
  
- **Step 2**: Extract the downloaded files and place the contents from **inside of the `BepInExPack` folder** in your ATLYSS game folder. This is usually the folder where `ATLYSS.exe` is located.

#### 2. Download and Install the LemmeKissDaNPC Mod
- **Step 1**: Download the latest `.DLL` release for LemmeKissDaNPC from the [GitHub Releases page](https://github.com/zcraftelite9495/lemmekissdanpc/releases).
  
- **Step 2**: After downloading the `.DLL` file, navigate to the `BepInEx` folder within your game directory.
  - Inside the `BepInEx` folder, find the `plugins` directory (if it doesn't exist, you can create it).
  - Place the `.DLL` file inside the `plugins` folder.

- **Step 3**: Launch the game! The mod should now be active and remove NPC hitboxes as you approach them.

#### 3. Building the Project from Source

If you'd like to build the mod from source, here’s how:

- **Step 1**: Clone this repository to your local machine using Git:
  ```bash
  git clone https://github.com/zcraftelite9495/lemmekissdanpc.git
  ```

- **Step 2**: Open the project in **Visual Studio** or any C# compatible IDE.

- **Step 3**: Make sure you have the **BepInEx** & **C-Sharp Assemblies** reference set up in your project:
  - Download the latest BepInEx assemblies and reference them in your project.
  - You can find BepInEx assemblies in the `BepInEx` folder inside your game directory.

- **Step 4**: Build the project.
  - In Visual Studio, simply press `Ctrl+Shift+B` to build the solution.

- **Step 5**: After building, you will find the `.DLL` file somewhere in the `bin` folder.
  - Follow the same installation instructions above to place the `.DLL` file in the `plugins` folder of your ATLYSS game directory.

### Troubleshooting
- **The mod isn’t working**: Ensure that the BepInExPack is properly installed, and the `.DLL` file is placed in the `BepInEx/plugins/LemmeKissDaNPC` folder. Double-check the game directory structure.
- **Warnings or errors in the log**: Check the `BepInEx/LogOutput.log` file for any error messages that might point to missing references or other issues.
